Writing about SELFIE
Selfie - this simple and seemingly banal photographic practice has become an integral part of the daily lives of millions of people around the world. While some see it as just a fashion trend, for others it represents a way of self-expression and interaction with the digital world. It affects our behaviour, perception of ourselves and others and changes the very nature of photography. 
I'd say everyone uses selfies nowadays. But everyone can perceive it differently. Someone just takes a photo to show off what he looks like and looks like, or that he's on vacation by the sea. But there are also such people who use selfies to express themselves. We can tell it's actually kind of a self-portrait, but I think there's a difference. A self-portrait, I think, should be taken on a digital camera, it should be well-crafted and I would devote more time to it, whereas a selfie is a matter of seconds.
The main problem is that everyone puts a selfie on the internet, how happy they are, how well they are. They're just good moments. But how do we know it's true? What if miss took a photo from the shoulders up, where she's wearing a beautiful blouse and writes a caption saying she's going to a disco? But he doesn't even have his pants on. And it was just a picture.
We're easily caught in a lie. It's good that people on the Internet are trying to show joy and happiness, but what if it's bothering someone that they don't have that life, too? Sure, I'll say why would I instagram a sad photo of me crying and eating ice cream, but maybe I'd show someone that he's not alone. That I also have moments of weakness sometimes.
There are also two kinds of people who take a selfie and put it online right away. They don't edit anything, they just put it in quickly and that's it. But then there are also people who take selfies and go to the trouble of editing. It is often the case that after editing the photograph is completely different, it is not natural and in reality the person looks completely different. Then how are we supposed to trust people, the internet and pictures? It's one big fallacy. 
The selfie has been with us since 2002, when a young man named Jim Kraus took a picture of his torn lip. The photo wasn't very good, it wasn't focused, and J.Kraus wrote to it , "I had a hole about an inch long over my lower lip. And I'm sorry for the sharpness, it was a selfie." Since then, people have picked up on it and the selfie has become visible and developed.
I think his magic is gradually evaporating. I'm worried about what a selfie will mean in 20 years. Or what he'll look like. The bottom line will be the same. But where will it develop? I can't tell myself.
